In service operations workspace,
you can save personal lists to quickly return to the views you use most often,
including your filters and column layout.
To create a personal list,
start by building the filter conditions you want for your list.
In this example,
I am building a list of on hold incidents assigned to my group.
Before you save your list,
you can set up how you want the list to be displayed.
You can add or remove columns
and reorder them so the most useful information appears first.
Once you've got the list set up the way you like it,
you're ready to save.
Click the gear icon to open the list actions menu,
then choose save as.
Give the list a name so it's easy to find later.
Then click save
The saved list now appears under the My List tab,
and you can return to this view at any time without rebuilding the filters or layout.
If you need to make changes later,
head back to the List actions menu where you can rename your list,
save or duplicate your list,
delete it
or adjust which columns are displayed.